feat: Add compareHandle (#22997)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/loud-lemons-switch.md

---
"@fluidframework/runtime-utils": minor
---
---
"section": feature
---

> Add `compareHandle`
> 
> New `compareHandle` is added to allow comparing handles without having to inspect their internals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New compareFluidHandle function for comparing FluidHandles

The new `compareFluidHandle` function has been added to allow comparing handles without having to inspect their internals.
```
